[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on Cosmic Disclosure,
we're with Sébastien Martin,
a retired chairman of the board
of a multinational business who
has participated in covert
remote viewing assignments
for a CIA analyst.
Today, we are talking
about an ancient stargate
found in the Middle East.
Sébastien, welcome to the show.
>> Well, thank you, Emery
for having me on the show.
>> So tell us a little bit about
yourself and tell us a little
bit about your connection
with this CIA officer.
>> I came from France
originally then moved to Canada.
And I was the owner of a
business that I started in 2005.
And I sold that
business in 2014.
I remained chairman of the
board for two years after that
and then resigned to talk
about my experiences.
In 2009, I started having
visions, very vivid visions
of random events.
Could be like an airplane crash.
It could have been just like
tsunamis, earthquakes, very
strong feelings that I could
feel I was living those events.
And so that created a
lot of anxiety in my life
at that point.
I could see my daughter at
the age of 20 years old.
Like I said, very random events.
But there was one event in
particular that really changed
my life, which I didn't
know at the time,
and it was about a man who
died in a car explosion.
And I didn't know where this
explosion happened or occurred.
I didn't know who the
man was at the time.
But all I could hear while
having this vision was "prime
minister assassinated."
And so I could see the man's
face because he rolled up
his window, rolled it down.
And then I could see his face,
I could see his mustache.
And so the next day, I
decided to go on Google Images
and search for "prime
minister assassinated"
or the key words that
I heard in my vision.
And the name popped
up as Rafic Hariri.
I could recognize his
face on the images.
And the man died seven
years prior to my vision,
so I was thinking,
why am I seeing this?
It makes no sense.
Then we switched on
the news, and I just
realized that there was
a trial at the Hague
about the potential
assassins of Rafic Hariri.
And so those men were called,
and it was going on for years.
But at that point in time,
it must have been specific,
but still, I didn't really
know why I was seeing it.
And so life went on.
So that was in 2009.
And then in 2016,
that's when I decided
to talk about my
experiences in general.
I had encounters,
I had more visions,
so I decided to share more of
this on radio shows and so on.
And so at that point, I had
more contacts from Facebook.
A lot of people were
contacting me on Facebook.
And I was not being selective.
I just randomly
accepted anybody who
was trying to befriend
me at the time.
And so I basically had
a vision, another vision
about this woman who was
in the back of a car,
and she was living a very
crowded place in a city.
And a lot of people were
walking on the street,
and there were three men that
were walking against the crowd.
So the car was moving
this way, the men
were walking on the
left-hand side this way.
So I could see this scene
very clearly, all the details,
what they were wearing, the type
of clothes they were wearing.
And I was observing this
scene through the eyes
of this woman who was hiding
in the back seat of this car.
And funny enough,
out of all the people
who befriend me on Facebook
and I had on my page,
I knew who that person was.
So I decided to contact her and
send her a message on Messenger
saying, "I know who you are,
and your life is in danger."
That's what I sent.
And explained what I saw.
And I didn't hear back
for four weeks, I guess.
And four weeks later,
I received one message.
And that message was, "Is
that the man that you saw."
And I said, "Yes, but he was
wearing different clothes."
And so she thought
it was interesting.
And then she started sending
me articles, newspaper articles
of random events.
And she said, "Can you
tell me about this?
Can you explain what
you see through this."
And I was reading the articles.
And as I was reading
the articles,
I could see what
truly happened, which
was not what was
written on the articles.
So I explained, I said, "Well,
these two women were pushed off
that building."
It was a building
in construction
and the article mentioned they
committed suicide, both of them,
two sisters jumping
off the rooftop.
And I said, "No, they were
pushed by two soldiers.
And when that happened, the
two soldiers left the building,
one left from the
back of the building,
and the other one left from
the front of the building."
And she replied saying, "Well,
we knew about one soldier,
but not two."
So she already knew
the actual events.
But that's how she
was testing me.
>> Right.
>> And slowly but surely, she
was explaining that what I was
seeing was more to do
with remote viewing.
And I didn't know
the term until then.
And so I never got
trained to do what I do.
It just happens naturally.
And I see like mini
movies of events.
I can hear.
I can sometimes smell.
But I don't see fixed images.
It's like usually mini
movies of the time and also,
usually, through the
eyes of someone else.
>> So, Sébastien, how
did you get so involved?
I mean, you did write a
message to this CIA officer
and then she responded,
started engaging.
Where did that lead to?
>> Yeah.
So that's a very interesting.
I was not supposed to
be knowing any of this.
So for me, it came
kind of a surprise.
She explained that she was
asked to follow me on Facebook
and to find out why I was
talking about Rafic Hariri
and why I knew about this detail
of him winding down his window.
Because if he didn't, he
would have been saved.
So the car was bullet-proof
and bomb-proof.
So he would have survived
the blast if he did not
roll down his window.
And the events that I did not
mention was that he was killed,
but at the same time,
he was also observed.
And I was seeing the event
through the eyes of someone
else who was based on the
rooftop of another building,
looking at him through a scope.
So I knew this was
very well organized,
and that's another
particular event that
triggered them to follow
me and find out who I was
and to become a
person of interest.
>> And what happened after?
>> So in 2017, after like a full
year of events and doing remote
viewing, saving
that agent's life,
I basically got more and
more privy to certain details
of missions that
person was involved in.
And so I was asked to
remote-view some of the agents
or people they were
hiring or trying
to hire for certain
missions and see
what I could see from them
that they didn't know about
or that they should know about.
And so that's how
I started getting
paid for those kind of roles.
And again, not being
privy to any of it.
Like I was not asked to be
fully involved in those missions
or know the details or the
code names of those missions.
And I wasn't even
asking for it either.
I was keeping it private and
just sticking to the tasks.
And that's pretty
much what I was doing.
>> At what point were you asked
to remote-view this stargate?
>> Yeah.
So that's a very
interesting question.
I was actually still doing
those kind of random missions.
And out of the blue, this person
said, back in the second Gulf
War, she was in Iraq.
>> Right.
>> And she saw many troops
from different countries.
And she also was privy to
the removal of the stargate.
So she saw the
stargate being removed
from the underground
location of the summer
palace of Saddam Hussein.
And for some reason, they knew
about the stargate's location.
Saddam Hussein himself
knew about the stargate.
And he knew about the people
working with the stargate.
So that's another story.
But when the stargate
got removed from Iraq,
this agent was involved in
the shipment of that stargate
at the summer palace.
So she was working
with the Americans.
She was working with--
I think the Bulgarians
were even there too.
So there were multiple nations
that-- were also Italians there.
French were there too.
And so they sent off
the stargate in a crate,
and they were trying to
make it leave the country
and then it got out of hands.
And the stargate got stolen.
And they lost it.
They lost track of it.
She wasn't part of that program.
She just knew that the
stargate got stolen.
It could have been
an inside job.
someone else from the CIA
that worked for
another organization.
And then that's
how it disappeared.
But for some reason, they
tracked it down to Bulgaria.
They just didn't know where
in Bulgaria it was located.
What I was told was that the
stargate was comprised or made
of stones that came
from the Earth's core.
And it was extracted
by the Anunnaki.
And so it was hard for me
to comprehend and understand
the whole thing.
But she explained
that the stargate was
made of these very rare metal,
black stone with inscriptions
on it and that for some reason,
some pieces of the stargate
got removed before the
stargate got moved to Bulgaria.
And I do not know why,
I didn't know who,
or anything about
that at the time.
>> What did you see?
>> At first, I was asked to
remote view the stargate,
and I did.
And when I looked at the
stargate, when I saw it,
I was in direct contact with it.
I could see it right
in front of me.
I also saw a white draco
reptilian with the stargate.
And behind him were
soldiers in black uniforms.
And there was no insignia,
there was no names, nothing.
And they were just there.
I could not really
picture the room itself.
It looked pretty white
in the background.
But the stargate was there and
it was standalone on a stand.
It was not connected
to anything.
It was just a random
piece of technology
that was not being used because
they could not make it function.
>> Do you think when
you had that vision,
was that like current or
was that from the past,
or is that in the future?
>> That was current.
>> Current?
>> Yes.
It was live. like
i was seeing it.
>> You're seeing it live with
the reptilian and the guys
in the tactical suits.
>> Yes, that's correct.
>> What else can you
tell me more about the--
>> Yes.
>> layout there.
>> So I did mention that I was
usually seeing events through
someone else's eyes.
In this case, that
was not the case.
I was directly connecting
to the stargates as myself.
So I was there,
like my soul energy,
whatever you want to call it,
my consciousness was there.
And--
>> Bilocating.
>> Bilocating, yes.
And the reptilian was
looking straight at me.
I was just like, literally
facing him, like right opposite
him.
And I guess that's
how he saw me.
And he looks--
I wasn't directly actually
facing him, just maybe
slightly on his right.
So while he was looking
straight at the time,
then you moved his head slightly
towards me to look at me.
That's when I knew it
was a direct eye contact.
>> That made you feel
really uncomfortable.
>> Oh, it scared me.
It scared me.
And I felt threatened.
And that's when I stopped
the communication.
And that was the first time
ever that it happened to me.
This was new to me.
So that day, I basically
just went to bed.
And then I woke up in
the middle of the night
and I had a nosebleed and
I had a pounding headache.
And I knew that my whole
body was vibrating and not
in a good way, like
I was not feeling--
>> He was attacking you.
>> He was attacking me,
and I was not feeling good.
>> Psionics.
>> Yeah.
And so I didn't know
what to do with this.
This was the first time ever
that something like this
happened to me.
I heard it before
from other people,
and I never understood
how could this
happened because I
never experienced it
until at that time.
>> Yeah, it's a real pickle.
>> Yeah.
So I went downstairs
and set down on my sofa
and I started to meditate.
So I basically closed my eyes
and I could see my Kundalini
energy going counterclockwise.
And I knew something
was really way off.
And I was not feeling good.
And so I decided to try
to stop the flow of energy
and to slow it down
or try to make myself
heal, if that makes sense.
>> Sure.
Yeah.
>> But it was not working.
It was not working.
And I was also in communications
with other remote viewers
that I was working with.
And they were also
involved in the program,
and they were also being
attacked at the same time.
So what's interesting
about the psychic attack
is while I was trying to heal
myself and calm myself down,
and I was trying to heal
myself for four hours straight
and nothing worked.
And at the end,
for some reason, I
don't know exactly
how and why, I
was able to open up a
connection between me
and that draco reptilian.
And so I could see myself going
through this white tunnel.
And I was hovering,
like my vision,
I could see the top of his head.
>> Oh, wow.
All right.
>> So I could see the
protuberance in full form.
And at that point
in time, I felt
like I could just cast some
kind of white light of energy
to stop the psychic attack.
And that worked right away.
I don't know how, why.
I just knew intuitively
how to do this.
And so that stopped
the psychic attack.
>> So what did you learn about
the stargate after all this?
>> Well, I knew that the
stargate was definitely made out
of a piece of metal or
stone-like substance that was
not--
to me, it felt like it
was not from this earth,
but it was from the
main core of the Earth.
>> Inner Earth, right?
>> Yes.
And that kind of technology was
what I've seen with my own eyes,
actually using remote viewing.
I'm just saying with
other pieces of technology
in the future.
But this one in
particular was definitely
of a different type of substance
because I could feel its energy.
>> Do you know where
the stargate takes you?
>> Yes, it was definitely--
I mean-- the stargate itself
was used by the Anunnaki
for traveling between
their planets or space
to Iraq and to communicate with
some secret space program agents
there.
>> Did they say this stargate
is active and they can turn it
on whenever they want or--
who's in control of it?
>> So the stargate was
originally used by the secret
space program underground of
that summer palace in Iraq.
So in the ancient
Babylon location,
Saddam Hussein knew
about the SSP personnel
were Iraqi scientists.
And he was told to
leave them alone.
And as a dictator of his
country, it's hard for anybody
to imagine that he was told
not to mingle with those people
and to leave them alone.
And they were
completely separate,
independent from Iraq,
from Saddam Hussein,
from the rest of the world.
And he had to respect
it, which he did.
He built a tunnel
from his summer palace
to go directly down
to the stargate.
And the location of the
stargate on the ground
was pretty much
like the Derinkuyu
in Turkey, like those kind of
labyrinth with the stone pillars
to allow people to roam through
the space with lots of water.
>> What does it look like?
Is it round?
Is it square?
>> It was round.
It was round, hollow,
maybe like nine feet tall.
Maybe nine, 10 feet tall by--
like 9 by 9, I
guess, I would say.
>> Yeah, it's not too big.
>> Not too big.
And the beings
coming through it,
the Anunnaki beings, I never--
>> How'd they fit through there?
They're pretty big.
>> Yeah.
Well, those ones could fit in.
They were going through it.
And they were talking
to the SSP people.
Again, this is stories I heard.
I never remote-viewed
that particular event.
But I was told that
this is what happened,
that basically those
Anunnaki beings came through,
two brothers.
And they had baritone voices,
pretty scary looking people,
apparently, from what I heard.
And that the SSP scientists were
able to communicate with them.
To what degree or what
extent, I have no idea.
All I know is that they
were in communication
with those Anunnaki beings.
Saddam Hussein was also told
that he could communicate
and learn from these
Anunnaki beings,
but he considered it to be
like dark magic and satanic--
>> So he didn't want
anything to do with it.
>> --in essence.
So no, he got scared
from it and he
didn't want to mingle
with those beings,
so he kind of left them alone.
But the water is very
important for the stargate
to be functional.
So without the water, the
stargate would not work.
>> Like an activator
or something.
>> Yes.
Yeah.
>> OK.
Interesting.
Well, you mentioned
the SSP is there.
And when you say
SSP, that can mean
a lot of different definitions
here in the United States.
So who is in charge of this SSP?
And how does that all fit
in together with this?
>> Well, those
scientists were Iraqi.
They were not Americans.
I don't know the
structure of the SSP,
how many nations are part
of it or work within it.
All I know is that
those SSP scientists
were involved in the extraction
of some of these components
from the stargates.
When the stargate was
removed from Iraq,
they removed certain components
of it to make it unfunctional--
>> Unfunctional.
>> --so they could not--
they could not--
>> What were those components?
>> So I was tasked to
search for those components.
And I was able to
remote-view a location
in Africa, Eastern Africa.
And US troops went there.
It was in the news.
But they didn't say
for what reason.
They just say that they were
there to protect the people
or whatever.
But they were actually searching
for those missing components.
I've never been told
if they found them
or not, but all I know is that--
I knew that I was accurate
in my description.
But I never got the
confirmation that--
>> They're not
going to tell you.
Yeah.
>> I guess that was too
much for me to know about.
And when I saw the
stargate in Bulgaria,
I saw the location of
those missing components.
So I knew that
there was one piece
on the left and one piece
on the right that were
gone from the actual stargate.
And how they got
removed, I have no idea.
But I knew the size of
them and everything else.
So what I was told later on
is that the while the stargate
in Bulgaria was no longer in
the hands of the Americans,
the missing
components, as to why
they wanted to
search for them, I
think it's because
they want me to be
there first before the people
in charge of the stargates
could get hold of those
and get their hands
on those pieces
or missing pieces
so they could make it work.
That's my feedback on that.
I didn't know exactly
who was involved,
like who was what, what was--
I had no idea about the--
>> OK.
So how do it was the Anunnaki?
And what's that connection
with the dracos?
>> Yeah.
So the Anunnaki and the dracos,
I kind of researched it as well,
thinking like people can
see them together and so on.
I personally didn't see them
working with one another.
I saw those beings
completely independently
from the dracos coming
through the stargate.
That was not part of the draco
reptilian race or working
with that specific group who
moved the stargate to Bulgaria.
And the reason being is because
as soon as the stargate got
pulled out of the
underground location,
the Anunnaki stopped
going through it
or stopped going
through that vortex,
literally, because
without this structure,
they could no longer
use that space
to communicate with
the people there.
And the scientists left,
and they went into hiding.
And four out of five
scientists got killed.
>> Only one left?
>> Only one left.
And I knew that story--
>> You're talking about
the Iraqi scientist?
>> Yes.
And I knew that story from
that surviving scientist.
>> Do you know who killed them?
>> Yes.
>> Who killed them?
>> So the Kruger organization
is an organization that started
in Germany back in the '30s.
And they got involved
way back when
in terms of reverse
engineering for UFO crafts
that crashed in Eastern
Europe or Russia.
And they were in charge
of reverse engineering
of those crafts.
Wernher von Braun
was also part of it.
So through the
Operation Paperclip,
when he got moved
to the US, along
with other thousands of
scientists and technicians
and so on, he's
the one who talked
to the Pentagon and the people
in charge about the Kruger
Organization.
And they couldn't find
out who these people
were, where they were located.
And the SSP got created
from that 10 years later.
They also reverse
engineered crafts
in America and other countries.
And so they worked with
different scientists
around the world.
And they work with different
agencies, like through the Five
Eye Organization,
these kind of things.
>> What are the relationships
between the SSP and Kruger,
the extraterrestrials?
>> So obviously, through
the downed crafts,
the SSP personnel got involved
with some gray aliens,
they got involved
with different races,
they were able to communicate
with those beings too.
Kruger had the same advantage
for talking to different races
too, including the dracos.
So they each had
their different races
to help them out through
their organizations.
And so they very quickly
realized both of them
that they were not
in charge themselves,
that they were mostly
working for them
or towards their agenda,
not for the human agenda.
Yes.
>> And what is this
agenda you mention?
>> I don't really know
the agenda per se.
I just know that they have
their own goals, I guess.
On the Kruger side, for what I
know, and especially the draco
side, is that they want
full control of the Earth.
They want to not just
control the Earth.
They want to kind take
control of humanity
because this is a
laboratory for them,
a space of observation and
experimentation as well.
And it's a location that they
can easily navigate through
and be happy about.
They have destroyed other
planets, other worlds.
And this is a place
where they can easily
invade without declaring war
on humanity, for example.
They can just simply
control humanity.
>> Is there a controlling
body above Kruger and SSP?
>> No.
I don't believe there are.
The SSP is highly organized.
I'm sure they have people in
power that they respond to,
but it's way above the
president in America.
It's way above any
leaders in Europe.
So those people are working
independently from one another.
I don't know exactly what they
can access in terms of funds,
but all I know is that they
don't rely on any governments
to fund their organization.
>> Is Kruger and
SSP in competition,
or are they just doing
their separate projects?
>> They are doing their
separate projects.
But because of the reverse
engineering of technology,
they obviously want
to spy on one another
or try to get information
that each other have.
And so it's hard
to know exactly--
I think the stargate is
a prime example of that.
They knew that the extraction
of the stargate was happening,
and then Kruger got involved
and then took the stargate away.
It happens all the time.
I'm not privy to any
other technologies
that Kruger got involved,
but I know that that's
what's happening all the time.
>> Do you see any great things
coming out of this as far
as the technology maybe at some
point being released to help
people.
>> I don't see that happening.
For some reason,
those organizations
have a different agenda.
They don't really try to modify
or change our current timeline
on the planet.
And the reason
why I'm here today
as well is because I was asked
to come to talk about this.
Because I think it's
important for the people
to know that there will be some
changes that will slowly occur.
I think the orbs and the drones
that we've seen in the US
and abroad is part of that.
And I don't believe that
the SSP is generating those.
I think it's to do with
the Kruger organization.
What I'm more worrying
about is that the orbs
as part of the
drones that people
have seen that could be
six feet in diameter,
could basically change and have
an impact on infrastructure,
even like nuclear plants,
which happened in the past.
They were able to
disable nuclear plants.
That's the kind of
technology that they have.
And so that could be a threat
to the US infrastructures.
But for some reason,
it has not happened.
I think it was more
kind of a warning.
>> So why are you
sharing your story today.
And what do you think the
positive outcome may be, if any?
>> I was asked to come forward
to talk about this because this
is part of the disclosure
situation where people need
to know what's going on.
And in a way, that new
technologies will come forward
and that we'll have
to embrace and accept.
So I believe that
in 2025, humanity
will be faced with
positive changes coming
from the reverse engineering
aspect from the ETs.
But it's going to be very
smooth and very gentle
in terms of disclosure.
I think they're going to be
saying, we have access to this
and it's going to be part
of our day-to-day lives.
And we'll be
learning about this.
And I think it's going to be a
positive change for us to start
learning about different
aspects of the ET world
and what we can do
with it moving forward.
>> That sounds wonderful.
Well, that was, Sébastien,
compelling, amazing information.
I want to thank you
for coming on the show.
>> You're welcome.
Thank you very much
for having me again.
>> I'm Emery Smith and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.